fully thought through I'm Sam I can and
welcome back it's been a while I
realized that but I do have an excuse I
am very very lazy I also have another
job which frequently gets in the way of
important stuff like this but I tell you
what I leave the country for a few weeks
and it all falls apart we've barely got
a team in the top six do I have to do
everything myself on Friday the
political implications of the battle
between the Reds and the Blues were
completely lost on everyone involved in
the game except man na new who obviously
is still frustrated by his unfortunate
decision to move to Auckland the ridge
well a retaining possession the Reds
looked like they might score a bonus
point after plopping over the line twice
in the first five minutes including
Digby on his 50th match soon after the
Blues made a feeble come back Luke Cage
but with eight minutes to go the Reds
look like a bonus point was all but in
the bag that is until Mike Harris called
the tape Mike Harris this time what an
idiot remember seven points is always
going to be more than three they don't
start telling me that a win is a win
unless you care where you are on the
ladder unlike the Blues who will write
down the bottom now while we're talking
about teams that sit right down the
bottom of the table the Lions hosted the
Brumbies in jo'burg to set the tone for
the Lions they opened the game by nearly
scoring a try but instead robbing
themselves at four points by kicking for
gold from then on the Brumbies dominated
food trucks was tackled from Holland
back the quick hands very simple I don't
know what he just said I think it was
Dothraki anyway where we are yes the
Brumbies still dominating partying it up
after church bus
to see
darkness point tried to worked out there
that looked up all around us here to the
space to kicks over and then butch james
got himself sent to the sin-bin penalty
lines so 2121 not just a yellow card
there but a white card just for good
measure but not wanting to lose by all
that much the Lions got themselves and
meat pie they should so play with 14 men
all the time or at least without butch
james next it was the canes and the
Chiefs or should I say two chefs it went
like this Smith got pinned and then
smash then the chief steam rolled over
for their 17 on the tribe of the rain
was sheathing down and the ball was like
a piece of wet soap but like they say in
jail you should never drop the soap
I
in there can I you two meters away some
other stuff happened there wasn't worth
mentioning and the force lost in South
Africa punches were thrown that guy's
English though so it wouldn't have hurt
much then the Highlanders had to whether
the attack with two men in the bin
unable to capitalize the Cheetahs turned
to prayer it didn't work it turns out a
cheaters win was not what God had
intended so they turned to the good
old-fashioned dummy spit as they blew a
big lead to lose to the Highlanders and
finally we saw the bars host of
Crusaders and as usual rocky elsom
proved far too important to player to
risk running him on the tires thought
they were doing pretty well early on
they weren't sure rafi fun what a try
then something happened I'm not sure how
to say this but the Waratahs started
playing well the only problem was it
wasn't better than the Crusaders they
lost our boys mate we just really
stuck in there and over the hot on in
the end and that's it for the week don't
forget to follow us on Twitter or
Facebook and if you see something stupid
or dumb or something you just want me to
rant about make sure you let me know I'm
Sam icon and let's hope the games this
weekend to one the way God intended and
not the way morn a stain would have it
great news for the for the force fans
with you agreeing to terms for the force
beyond this year they're not nothing's
been confirmed confirmed